Every business eventually hits a wall where the admin starts
taking more and more time away from actual work.
For this project, we focused on operations and finance.
I want to show you how we took a messy manual process,
onboarding, invoicing, profit tracking,
and we turned it into a hands-off automated system that gave a local business
in the French Alps more than 500 hours back,
every year. Let's look under the hood and see how this actually works for
the business owner. It starts here.
I built this custom website to act as a 24-7 salesperson.
It doesn't just look good, but also makes the business look and feel professional.
It's the front door to a machine that works while the owner sleeps.
Instead, I'm setting up a messy contact form.
The client uses this cost simulator. They build their own quotes and
see their savings instantly. No more what's-your-price emails.
They already know. The moment the client hits submit,
the lead is captured and the system takes over,
meaning zero manual data entry.
The owner hasn't even opened her laptop yet.
And here we can see,
immediately, the lead lands here.
Boom. No typos,
no lost notes, the business is now organized by default.
Every detail the owner needs is captured into one clean row.
Seconds later, the client gets this.
A personalized welcome email. With a direct link to the owner's calendar.
The client books their own spot. The system just finished an hour of work
in five seconds. And it also notifies the business owner about the new
interested clients. And for the best part,
getting paid. Once they book, the system sends a bill with a professional payment
email and a secure payment link.
So they can pay instantly.
And the correct invoice already attached.
Cash flow automated. I
built this profit calculator for the business owner.
It tells the owner exactly how much she makes per hour after taxes
and costs. And she can adjust everything.
She doesn't have to hope that she's making money or spend
time manually calculating. She knows.
We took 12 hours of weekly manual work and turn it into zero.
That's more than 500 hours a year.
You get back for your family, for your business,
of your life. If your business feels like a
mess of manual tasks, let's fix it.
I'm Gabriel and I don't just build things.
I don't websites or work with AI.
I can take repetitive tasks off your hands so you have more time to
grow your business, reach more clients,
and do what you do best. Click the link on my website and let's
get your time back.